China¡¯s poverty alleviation achievements have set an important example for the cause of global poverty reduction. One of the Millennium Development Goals is to reduce the world¡¯s extreme poverty rate by half by 2015, compared to the 1990 level. Since the reform and opening-up of China in 1978, the country has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty, which was of vital importance for the UN to have reached the goal five years in advance. The country¡¯s completion of its poverty reduction goal is not only a historic achievement of its own, but also a milestone in the realization of the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
To enhance the well-being of the entire human race, China, while pursuing its own development achievements, upholds the global governance philosophy of extensive consultation, joint contribution and shared benefits, and is actively advancing South-South Cooperation. It joins hands with developing countries for mutual assistance, and by further expanding its foreign aid and cooperation, enhances its support for them in poverty reduction, education, health and many other areas. The Forum on China-Africa Cooperation is a model of South-South Cooperation. Under this framework, China has offered huge assistance for African countries to implement the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. As an initiator of the framework, I very much recognize and appreciate the role played by China.
Climate change is an important challenge facing our humanity and planet. Therefore, the international society needs to act in solidarity and build a sustainable future. In recent years, China has already demonstrated to the international society its resolution to follow a low-carbon and sustainable path of development and build a resource-conserving and environment-friendly society. The Chinese idea that ¡°lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets¡± is quite impressive. Actively joining the multilateral cooperation on climate governance, China has made important and constructive contributions to tackling climate change.
